your family meals just got simpler
thanks to pick and pear and fresh living
he has a foolproof recipe for delicious
eggs benedict for you to enjoy this
Easter all the ingredients you need for
this dish are available at your local
pick and pay here's what you'll need for
the hollandaise and here's what you'll
need for serving let's start by
separating eggs for the hollandaise
place the yolks into a bowl and add a
tablespoon of pick and pay tarragon and
white wine vinegar beat for about a
minute before slowly pouring the melted
pick and pay butter into the mix in a
thin stream remember to keep beating
until all the butter is incorporated and
your sauce is thick season the sauce
with salt and pepper and set aside until
you're ready to serve add a tablespoon
of vinegar to a pot of gently simmering
water and crack each egg into a separate
Bowl before gently pouring it into the
water let the eggs cook for 3 minutes
for soft eggs 4 minutes for medium and
five minutes for hard eggs layer the
toast with spinach and salmon before
placing the poached egg on top and
spooning over the creamy hollandaise
sauce sprinkle with chopped chives and
serve with blanched asparagus your
delicious eggs benedict are ready to
enjoy now you can visit pick and pay coz
a forward slash shop to buy all your
ingredients online